docs(bms): fix docs issues. (#992)
FlexibleEngineCloud/terraform-provider-flexibleengine: docs/data-sources/compute_bms_nic_v2.md

The arguments of this data source act as filters for querying the BMSs details.

* `region` - (Optional, String) The region in which to query the data source. If omitted, the provider-level region
  will be used.

* `server_id` - (Required, String) - This is the unique BMS id.

* `id` - (Optional, String) - The ID of the NIC.

* `status` - (Optional, String) - The NIC port status.

## Attribute Reference

All of the argument attributes are also exported as result attributes.

* `mac_address` - It is NIC's mac address.

* `fixed_ips` - The NIC IP address.

>     The [fixed_ips](#<a name="functiongraph_fixed_ips"></a>) object structure is documented below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The [fixed_ips](#<a name="bms_nic_fixed_ips"></a>) object structure is documented below.
```

Author: > 

fix
